Indexing overview. Add EE indexers (#5204)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/extension-dev-guide/indexing.md

## Magento indexers {#m2devgde-indexing-outofbox}

> The {{site.data.var.ce}} application implements the following indexers (use [bin/magento indexer:info]({{ page.baseurl }}/reference/cli/magento.html#indexerinfo) to get the list of indexers):

Reviewer: I agree with this. Last week, I asked a contributor to remove the output of the command that lists message queues, because the list is ever-expanding.

> The {{site.data.var.ce}} application implements the following indexers (use [bin/magento indexer:info]({{ page.baseurl }}/reference/cli/magento.html#indexerinfo) to get the list of indexers):

Author: **fixed**

@hguthrie , could you please review a final changes?

Thank you!

> The Magento `Open Source` application implements the following indexers (use [bin/magento indexer:info]({{ page.baseurl }}/reference/cli/magento.html#indexerinfo) to get the list of indexers):

Reviewer 2: Please, adjust

```suggestion
Magento Opern Source Edition implements the following indexers (use [bin/magento indexer:info]({{ page.baseurl }}/reference/cli/magento.html#indexerinfo) to get the list of indexers):
```

Author: @hguthrie 

> Actually, you should use a variable here.

**done**, ma'am ;)

| Product entity attribute value | `catalog_product_attribute` | [Magento\Catalog\Model\Indexer\Product\Eav]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Indexer/Product/Eav.php) | Reorganizes the EAV product structure to flat structure |
| Stock | `cataloginventory_stock` | [Magento\CatalogInventory\Model\Indexer\Stock]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/CatalogInventory/Model/Indexer/Stock.php) |  |
| Catalog rule product | `catalogrule_rule` | [Magento\CatalogRule\Model\Indexer\Rule\RuleProductIndexer]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/CatalogRule/Model/Indexer/Rule/RuleProductIndexer.php) |  |
| Catalog product rule | `catalogrule_product` | [Magento\CatalogRule\Model\Indexer\Product\ProductRuleIndexer]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/CatalogRule/Model/Indexer/Product/ProductRuleIndexer.php) |  |
| Catalog search | `catalogsearch_fulltext` | [Magento\CatalogSearch\Model\Indexer\Fulltext]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/CatalogSearch/Model/Indexer/Fulltext.php) |  |

> The Magento `Commerce` contains all indexers of Magento `Open Source` version and the following ones:

Reviewer 2: Please, adjust
```suggestion
Magento Commerce Edition contains all indexers of Magento Open Source Edition and the following ones:
```

Author: **fixed**
